Compact interactive list implementation guide added (#1950)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/compact-interactive-list/Examples.2/NumberOfColumns.5.doc.mdx

import { Notice } from "@cerner/terra-docs";
import WidthBreakpoints from './WidthBreakpoints?dev-site-examples';

# Number of Columns

<Notice variant="important" ariaLevel="2">

With vertical flow, the list items are distributed evenly between all columns but the last one. The last column accommodates the remainder after the number of items is divided by the number of columns.

> Ensure that the number of rows is not divisible by the numberOfColumns value minus 1 without a remainder, which leads to an empty last column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If the number of rows is divisible by the [numberOfColumns](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) value minus 1 without a remainder, the last column will be empty.
```

### Change the Number of Columns dynamically

This example demonstrates a [Compact Interactive List](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about) being placed in the parent container, which uses the width breakpoints to change the [_numberOfColumns_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) prop depending on the screen width. 
Change the browser window width to see the number of columns change.

<WidthBreakpoints />

> <Notice variant="caution" ariaLevel="2">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Notice variant="important" ariaLevel="2">
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> With vertical flow the list items are distributed evenly between all the columns but the last one. The last column accommodates the reminder after the number of items is divided by number of columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With vertical flow,  the list items are distributed evenly between all the columns but the last one. The last column accommodates the remainder after the number of items is divided by number of columns.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

> The user must monitor that the number of rows is not divisible by `numberOfColumns - 1` without a reminder, as it will lead to an empty last column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user must monitor that the number of rows is not divisible by `numberOfColumns - 1` without a remainder, as it will lead to an empty last column.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf
